For the week of February first to February fith. Tyler and I worked on and completed the app feature list, which contains the different workouts, the different functions, and settings for the app.  I also started the creation of the app in android studio.  However, none of the coding was actually completed.  I also researched how to install and use android studio including the subjects of creating an app, coding an app, and running the app on a virtual machine.  We also came up with some alternate features including a time exclusion feature, and possibly a step counter.  I installed the java SDK in order to properly run android studio and create the app.  Tyler mainly worked on the workouts and different muscle group organization.  During this week I installed git bash for my computer and learned somewhat how to use it.  I still need help working it. two more

For the week of February 8th to the date of february 12th. Tyler and I continued to learn about how android studio functions.  None of the actual coding has been completed but the folder has been created for the app.  I am still currently learning how to work the ins and outs of android studio.  I have been experiencing problems getting it to open and am currently working on how to solve that.  Tyler has been also learning how to work android studio but I do not know how much progress he has made in his endevours.  I am also experiencing problems with git hub, I do not know if it is me not entering commands correctly or if it is the program itself.  So far there has been little progress in making the actual app and I hope to fix this problem in the next week or so, hopefully

For the week of February 15th to the date of February 19th, Tyler and I furthered our research into the workings of the program known as android studio, I myself have been struggling to understand how to work it and the guides i have been looking up on the internet are not helping as much as i would like them to.  Tyler's progress is unknown to me but i am sure he is probably doing better than i am on getting adroid studio to work.  I am still having git hub problems and i do not quite understand what is wrong but i am trying to resolve them.  My development journal is not very helpful seeing as how there has not been much or any progress at all.  hopefully more progress is made next week and Tyler and I will be able to meet our first deliverable.  End of entry.

For the week of February twenty second to the date of february twenty sixth Tyler and I have continued to attempt to learn how to use android studio.  I myself have been finding it very challenging and am having trouble working it.  I have also resolved my git hub problems and so this development journal should be added and up to date as of this entry.  I have also added the feature list to the git hub repository.  Not much progress has been made towards the actual app but i still hope that we will be able to get the app somewhat made at some point.  Tyler and I plan to try and make some progress this weekend on the app, I do not know whether we will be successful but we will have at least made some effort.  This is my development journal for this week and is hopefully now over or equal to 150 words.
